[Music]
hello
a warm welcome to tarla dalal's kitchen
from your nutritionist Nisha today I am
going to share with you the recipe of
Milano minestrone and nourishing soup
for one and all
the USB of this recipe is that it's made
in a jiffy and from health angle the use
of loads of veggies makes it rich in
fiber and also the whole wheat pasta
contributes to the fiber the veggies
also contribute nutrients which makes it
rank high on the list of healthy soups
to make this soup we will first heat
some oil in a deep non-stick pan to this
add some finely chopped onions believe
and saute just for about 30 seconds and
then add loads of finely chopped carrots
[Music]
some finely chopped cauliflower all the
vegetables in this soup have to be
finely chopped and some green peas and
then add water and will allow this to
cook for 2 to 3 minutes mix it well and
let it cook now and once these
vegetables have been boiled for 2 to 3
minutes I will add finely chopped
potatoes some finely chopped cabbage
isn't it full of fiber rich vegetables
and some whole wheat pasta you are I
have used penne mix all this and allow
this to cook on a medium flame for
approximately seven to eight minutes and
once all these vegetables and the pasta
has been cooked then we will add
cornflour and water mixture it is a
chunky soup but we need to thicken it a
bit so we are adding this some finely
chopped tomatoes some tomato puree or
gano since this is an Italian soup salt
and some pepper mix all this well and
now we need to cook this just for one to
two minutes but remember to keep
stirring continuously since we've added
corn flour water mixture this is the
healthy version of the Milano minestrone
so the amount of vegetables are more as
compared to the regular soup and in just
about the 10 minutes our healthy soup is
ready to give that final touch to our
recipe I'm going to garnish it with some
parsley usually minestrone has cheese
but since this is a health recipe I am
garnishing it with parsley so this
recipe piping hot of the pan and I am
sure you will enjoy it download the
terlalu
app on your Apple and Android devices
follow us on the Facebook and Tlatelolco
if you enjoy our recipes click like to
see more of my recipes click here please
share your comments I would love to your
name not waiting for them